Here we are. Welcome to Bay High Park. Wow, it's so quiet here that I can even hear
the bird singing. I can hardly believe we're in the city centre.
This park is famous for its lake, bridges and the ancient buildings on the hill. The
lake takes up over half of the park area. Let's walk along the lake, cross the bridge and
climb up the hill. Then I can point out the sites of Beijing for you.
Yes, good idea. I'm sure it will be fantastic to see the city from the top.
But I'm so tired. And it's so hot here. I don't want to climb. The lake looks nice and
cool. Why don't we go for a swim?
I don't think they allow people to swim in the lake. It's dangerous.
That's too bad. Then why don't we have our picnic here? I'm so hungry and thirsty.
I think it's better to have our picnic at the top of the hill.
Come on. Let's not waste any more time. All right. I hope it will be cooler up there.